>> Brian Holt: But now this is all set up
correctly for us to be able to scale all
the surfaces cuz we have a proper load
balancer in front of it all now as well.
So let's actually go do that cuz that's
why else are we here, if we can't do that.
So kubectl scale --
replicas=5 deployment/api.
So let's say,
that our API is getting hammered, and
we want it to scale up there,
so that will do that.
And now we can go back and
look at our get all.
Now you can see that our API only
1/5 is ready at the moment but
up to date eventually, if we keep checking
yeah, you can see these are all pending,
let's check again
>> Brian Holt: They're all still pending.
>> Brian Holt: Eventually,
they'll start running, anyway,
that's how you scale up and down off
the various different components here.
We could do it with web.
Well, that should work
maybe with a load balancer.
>> Brian Holt: And for fun,
let's just to dB as well.
You can see this ends up being super easy
to just scale up and scale down things.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then if we
wanna just get scaled back down.
>> Brian Holt: Web,
then we are back to just one for each.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then once you're done with everything,
you can just say,
kubectl delete all --all.
And then, know behold,
you have nothing running anymore.
On one hand, I hope you see that,
you're armed with enough information to be
dangerous to have conversations
about Kubernetes.
On the other hand,
I hope you have some respect for
people that are very good at this, right?
Again, we very much just scratched
the surface, there's so much depth here.
There's so
much cool stuff that Kubernetes does.
We didn't even talk about
secret management, right?
That's a big part of what
Kubernetes can do for you,
and internal networking and
all that kinda stuff.
So let's go back to our project here.
Kubernetes really, at of the day
you're gonna end up going to something
probably like Azure AKS, EKS, or GKE.
Azure Kubernetes Service,
Elastic Kubernetes Service, or
Google Kubernetes Engine, if I remember
correctly what those stand for.
There's a ton of places to do that.
You can also just run your own,
it's not very hard as long as you have
the ability to spin up and
spin down services, that's not very hard.
So I've seen people do it
on either EC2 and AWS or
Hetzner, which is a big VM provider,
all that kind of stuff.
Yeah, you do pay a premium,
especially, EKS is very expensive,
but it does what it promises,
so it is cool.